# VRDL_HW4

Super Resolution refers to reconstructing a corresponding high-resolution image from an observed low-resolution image by means of software or hardware. Two commonly used indicators for quantitative evaluation of SR quality are PSNR (Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio) and SSIM (Structure Similarity Index). The higher the two values, the closer the pixel value of the reconstruction result is to the standard. The indicator for evaluation of this homework is PSNR.
The research process of image super-resolution reconstruction based on deep learning is as follows. First, find a set of original images Image1. Second, reduce the resolution of this group of pictures to a group of images Image2, and then reconstruct Image2 super-resolution to Image3 through various neural network structures (Image3 has the same resolution as Image1). Compare Image1 and Image3 through PSNR or other methods, and verify the effect of super- resolution reconstruction. Adjust the node model and parameters in the neural network according to the effect. Eventually, execute the process repeatedly until the result of the fourth step comparison is satisfactory.

I've tried two models. One is supervised model, SwinIR, and the other is unsupervised model, ZSSR. The SwinIR model removes severe noise interference and preserves high frequency image details for sharper edges and more natural textures. The ZSSR model also reconstruct clear image, but we can see that it’s still blurrier than the SwinIR model. The testing set of this homework is somehow ideal images. That is to say, compared with other pre- training-based methods, ZSSR can really achieve comparable results in ideal cases, and better results than pre-training methods in non-ideal cases.
The final testing PSNR of ZSSR model is roughly 27.8, and the testing PSNR of SwinIR model is roughly 28.2.
